Let there be light - God
One day my dreams will be reality - Manu Chao
Laat me! - Ramses Shaffy
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. ― Albert Einstein
sudo Make me a sandwich - XKCD
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple, the philosophy is kindness. - Dalai Lama
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. - Mahatma Gandhi 
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. - Martin Luther King, Jr. 
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King, Jr. 
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world. - Oscar Wilde 
It is better to burn out than to fade away - Neil Young
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools. - Douglas Adams 
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move. - Douglas Adams 
The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday. - Paris Hilton 
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand 
The question isn't who is going to let me, it's who is going to stop me. - Ayn Rand 
Contradictions do not exist. Whenever you think you are facing a contradiction, check your premises. You will find that one of them is wrong. - Ayn Rand 
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. - Muhammad Ali 
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. - Muhammad Ali 
Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own. - Henry Rollins 
I am an optimist because I want to change things for the better and I know that blood has to be spilled and disharmony and cruelty are necessary to do that. - Henry Rollins 
In the face of an obstacle which is impossible to overcome, stubbornness is stupid. - Simone de Beauvoir 
It's all right letting yourself go, as long as you can get yourself back. - Mick Jagger 
You wake up in the morning and you look at your old spoon, and you say to yourself, 'Mick, it's time to get yourself a new spoon.' And you do. - Mick Jagger 
My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.' - Tupac Shakur 
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated. - Tupac Shakur 
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. - Buddha 
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path. - Buddha 
Imagination rules the world. - Napoleon Bonaparte 
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's a knob called "brightness", but it doesn't seem to work. - Gallagher
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can. - Julius Caesar 
Not knowing anything is the sweetest life. - Sophocles 
Money is the worst currency that ever grew among mankind. This sacks cities, this drives men from their homes, this teaches and corrupts the worthiest minds to turn base deeds. - Sophocles 
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates 
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. - Socrates 
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be. - Socrates 
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at. - Bruce Lee 
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted. - John Lennon 
We think too much and feel too little. - Charlie Chaplin 
What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning. - Charlie Chaplin 
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like. - Lao Tzu 
Common sense is not so common. - Voltaire 
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do. - Voltaire 
There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad. - Salvador Dali 
By all means let's be open minded, but not so open minded that our brains drop out. - Richard Dawkins 
The essence of life is statistical improbability on a colossal scale. - Richard Dawkins 
All I can do is be me, whoever that is. - Bob Dylan 
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are. - Anais Nin 
Good things happen to those who hustle. - Anais Nin 
I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the day. - Vincent Van Gogh 
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
Many will call me an adventurer and that I am, only one of a different sort: one of those who risks his skin to prove his platitudes. - Che Guevara 
People call me wild. Not really though, I'm not. I guess I've never been normal, not what you call Establishment. I'm country. - Johnny Cash 
You've got to know your limitations. I don't know what your limitations are. I found out what mine were when I was twelve. I found out that there weren't too many limitations, if I did it my way. - Johnny Cash 
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space. - Johnny Cash 
I'll be what I am... A solitairy man. - Johnny Cash
Hello hangover, how are you doing my good friend? Mabe we'll sit and have a drink and talk things through man! Cause i don't have time today to waste on you. If you, call me tomorrow, then i'll see what i can do. - Jaya the Cat 
We're the magic boys, and we'll make you smile, a real hard meal, won't you stay a while. People come dancing, and we'll make you sweat, we're really rollin' - Eagles of death metal 
You think I ain't worth a dollar, but i feel like a millionaire - Josh Homme, Queens of the stone age
Tracey: When you can't run, you crawl. And when you can't crawl, when you can't do that...  Zoe: ...You find someone to carry you. - Josh Whedon, Firefly
Als er iets is dat het verleden leert is het dit: ga door. Ga door en maak van de toekomst nog meer verleden. - Herman Brusselmans
Als je iets goeds ziet, geef dan een compliment. Als je iets fouts ziet, bied dan je hulp aan. - Nelson Mandela
Er is altijd een gemakkelijke oplossing voor elk probleem: passend, plausibel en verkeerd. - Henry Louis Mencken
De beste manier om in te slapen is jezelf wijs maken dat het tijd is om op te staan. - Groucho Marx
Hoe hoger je vliegt, hoe kleiner je lijkt voor de mensen die niet kunnen vliegen. -  Friedrich Nietzsche
Alle ellende in de wereld komt voort uit het feit dat iemand niet gewoon met zijn armen over elkaar kan blijven zitten. - Gerrit Komrij.
Alles valt te overleven, behalve de dood. -  Oscar Wilde
In iedere echte man is een kind verborgen, dat wil spelen. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Alleen zwakke persoonlijkheden smaken ten volle de vreugde van het flink zijn. Omgekeerd zijn het de doortastenden voor wie het melancholisch weifelen een feest is. - Godfried Bomans
Twijfel is een van de namen van intelligentie. - Jorge Luis Borges
Weinig dingen zijn op zichzelf onmogelijk en de toewijding om ze te bereiken ontbreekt ons vaker dan de middelen. - Francois de la Rochefoucauld
Het leven is een elastiekje. Je rekt het uit tot het knapt. Waar je mee begint, daar eindig je mee. - Remco Campert
Arbeid is ongezond. Dat wordt voldoende bewezen door het feit dat 100 % van de arbeidsongevallen tijdens het werk gebeurt. - Guy Mortier
Alles wat ontstaat, is waard dat het te gronde gaat. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
De mens is alleen datgene wat hij van zichzelf maakt. - Jean Paul Sartre
Als men het antwoord niet kan uitspreken, kan men de vraag niet stellen. - Bertrand Russell
Er bestaan zoveel manieren om lief te hebben als dat er in de tijd momenten zijn. - Jane Austen
A person who has good thoughts cannot ever be ugly. You can have a wonky nose and a crooked mouth and a double chin and stick out teeth, but if you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely. - Roald Dahl
